[DOCS-14342] Add convert timestamp for Databricks (#36592)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/monitoring_and_troubleshooting/troubleshooting.md

- The Worker prints `Failed to sync quota state errors`.
- [Contact support][20] if you want to increase the default number of Workers per organization.

###  Error converting timestamp field

> If you are using the Databricks (Zerobus) destination and see a Worker error similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the Databricks (Zerobus) destination and see a Worker error similar to the below, check if the timestamps on your logs are in string format:
```

Reviewer: Refinement/flow suggestion for the error example

```
Protobuf encoding failed: Error converting timestamp field: Can't convert '2012-04-23T10[41]15Z' to i64: invalid digit found in string
```

> Check if the timestamps on your logs are in string format. If that is the case and your Databricks table has a timestamp column declared as `TIMESTAMP` type, you must convert the string timestamp to timestamp format. See [Convert string timestamps to timestamp format][22] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your log timestamps are in string format and your Databricks table has a timestamp column declared as `TIMESTAMP` type, you must convert the string timestamp to timestamp format. See [Convert string timestamps to timestamp format][22] for more information.
```

Reviewer: Corresponding edit to the above

> Check if the timestamps on your logs are in string format. If that is the case and your Databricks table has a timestamp column declared as `TIMESTAMP` type, you must convert the stringified timestamp to timestamp format. See [Convert string timestamps to timestamp format][22] for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
Check if the timestamps on your logs are in string format. If that is the case and your Databricks table has a timestamp column declared as `TIMESTAMP` type, you must convert the string timestamp to timestamp format. See [Convert string timestamps to timestamp format][22] for more information.
```
